Now that's all nice.
What we're doing here.
But what if I want to style my overall custom element.
Thus far I'm styling the slotted content.
And we could of course also style our question mark here.
So in the tooltip we could of course also assign some styles to this span here.
We could give us a class of let's say I can here and then obviously no one is stopping us from giving
guy can some styling here let's say a background color of black a text color of white some padding here
daughter to 5 rem for example text align center.
Anything like that and if I reload we would have dad style here.
Let's maybe also give it a border radius of 50 percent and we would have that style we can maybe now
also get rid of that whitespace at the beginning and the parentheses.
So do we have this more iconic look here.
Let's increase the padding to left and right 2.5 rem maybe and shrink that to 1 5 something like that
and then we would have this I can look here.
Now this is something we can do but what does it want to style the overall component from outside my
element.
So from the light Dom I can simply use my tag selector or any clause I add on to my or I.D. I add onto
my element because that is really important to understand.
You can use your custom element just as you use the built in elements so you can add an idea you can
add classes or as I just said you can use its tag name here as a selector just as you can do it with
a death we can add the U.S. tooltip here in our styling.
And of course there we could give this some style.
Now Which style do we want to assign here.
Let's take one that we can clearly see.
I will give it a border of one pixel solid and blue and maybe padding of 0 dot 1 5 rem if we now go
back and we reload.
We see that we do have that styling for all our tool tip ish components here.
Now we're probably not going to win a style price here but it is important to understand that this is
something you can do.
Now I will at this point by the way also comment out my background color for the highlight so that it
looks a bit less messy.
And now we just have that blue border around our overall component.
And this of course is something you could definitely want that you style your custom element as a whole.
Now sometimes just as we've slotted content you don't want to do that from outside.
So from our lights Dom styling but you want to set up a default styling for your element inside your
custom element.
And just as we've slotted content the light Dom will always overwrite debt but still in cases where
you don't set up a default style in the light on you want to do that from inside the shadow Dom from
inside your element.
So let's switch to our tooltip here and there.
Let's make sure we can style our element.
The problem just is in here we can't use the selector because this style well simply styles our shadow
Dom template and then that template we got a slot and a span but we certainly don't have our own tag
in there instead in here we have a special selector to Colon one colon only by the way host selector
and does host selector.
Now allows you to style your element here.
For example here we could now gift as a background of a light gray if I now go back and I reload here
we see that background on all our elements here.
And again we have a look at this in our developer tools we see this is the style we just added and it
would be overridden by any clashing styles we have in a light on.
So just as we've slotted content the light on wins but with host we can set up default styling for our
custom elements from inside them.
And that of course is a use case.
You typically also have a lot when creating your own web components.